
Git Hub work flow

install Git --> create new Respository --> goto workpacse or project in VS --> open terminal and give this bellow commands 

1. git init -- Git Initialize in project folder 

2. git add file name/ test name -- to add the perticuler file/test into staging 
 or
 git add . (if we want to add all files on gitub then use git add.)

3. git commit -m 'initial commit' -- this means our code chnages is get final 

4. git branch -M main -- it means change the branch name (default was master and now we changed as main)

5. git remote add origin https://github.com/kedarshete1-spec/PlaywrightFramework.git -- > enter 

6. git push -u origin main  -- used to push the code on github repository. (origin means server)

7. git push --force-with-lease origin main -- used to forcefully push the code on github when normal push method not works 

8. git status -- working tree clean 

9. git checkout -b is used for create new branch 

10. git checkout main -- is used for change branch   

11. mearg conflict -- if code changed by tow diffrent person at same line then github will get confused which code need to mearg so thats why error conflict will accures 

solution : remove all arrows and unwanted code and save and then git add . --> git commit -m 'merge conflict reabes' --> git reabes  -continue 

12. git clone - copy project from github to git local 


Questions asked in interview ---

1. what is framework ? 
2. what is the best things in playwright as per your opiniun ? 
3. why you chose playwright as you was working on selenium ? 
4. what is assertions and which assertions you used in your project ?
5. How you used to manage data in your framework ?
6. share your screen and write the code for how you fetch the data from excel ?
7. Take a String and find a duplicate charecter with count ? { eg: "selenium" s=1, e=2,}
8. open flipkart app and goto fashion tab and click and again navigate to jeans icon/image and show me all 'WROGN' brand jeans 
9.  How we can do paralel Testing in playwright ?
10. which report you used in your project ?
11. if let say client want his own report formats or report so you will use it in your project ?
12. Agile cermonies ?
13. 